docs: fix some gaps in the migration guide (#25775)
angular/components: guides/v15-mdc-migration.md

  ```

  If you prefer a different default density level, you can set it in your theme config:

>   <!-- TODO(mmalerba): link to density docs once they exist. -->

Author: @wagnermaciel I'm gonna leave this TODO and assign it to you so you can add the link once the density docs exist

  Native checkboxes have bizarre behavior when calling `preventDefault` on their `click` event, so
  users should not call `preventDefault` on `click`.

* Checkbox touch targets are larger, now 40px instead of 16px, which is more accessible. Be sure to
  allow enough space in your layout so that the touch target does not overlap other components. If
  you are not concerned with accessibility you can match the previous size by using density -5 for
  the checkbox.
  
  ```scss
  @use '@angular/material' as mat;
  @include mat.checkbox-density(-5px);
  ```

* Checkbox color may be changed to white or black due to a change in heuristics based on the
  application’s theme. Previously, the check’s color would be set to the theme’s background color.
  With MDC, it is determined by whether white or black has the most contrast against the primary
  color.

* Focus state is slightly darker, improving contrast ratio.

* Text styles will not be inherited; you will need to specifically target the checkbox’s `label` to
  override typography properties.

* After toggling a checkbox with the mouse, the ripple will remain visible instead of animating out.

### Chips

> <!-- TODO(zarend): review -->

Reviewer: good catch, Miles, haven't reviewed it yet

> <!-- TODO(zarend): review -->

Author: Ok, I'll leave the TODO then and you can remove it once you've reviewed

  in your application that need to be fixed when migrating.

### Form Field

> <!-- TODO(devversion): review -->

Reviewer 2: LGTM. I didn't know I should look at this- but one thing:

* Should we potentially mention that custom form field controls may need adjustment given the wrapping styles of MDC being almost 100% different? I don't know how much this affected custom controls- tried to make everything backwards compatible as much as possible- but maybe we have some examples in Google?

> <!-- TODO(devversion): review -->

Author: Ok, added a note

  instead.

### Input
<!-- TODO(devversion): review -->

* MatInput must be inside `<mat-form-field>`. Previously it was (unintentionally) possible to use an

>   `<input matInput>` without the form field if the page loaded form field styles elsewhere.

Reviewer 2: I don't know where this comes from- but it makes sense and allows to clean up some more stuff in the future.

  `<input matInput type="date">`, if you want this indicator to appear for your inputs, use the
  following styles:

  ```scss
  .mat-mdc-input-element::-webkit-calendar-picker-indicator {
    display: block;
  }
  ```

### List

> <!-- TODO(devversion): review -->

Reviewer 2: Yes, I reviewed that, looks good

  </mat-list-item>
  ```

> * The amount of lines is automatically inferred. For example, in the snippet above the list item
>   will acquire space for two lines. With the new API you can now set an explicit number of lines on
>   the `<mat-list-item>` to activate wrapping.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* The list automatically infers the number of lines of text content. For example, in the snippet above, the list item
  renders space for two lines. With the new API, you can set an explicit number of lines on
  the `<mat-list-item>` to manually control wrapping.
```

* Long options now wrap instead of truncating with an ellipsis.

* Option heights are no longer capped at `48px`.

### Paginator

> <!-- TODO(amysorto): review -->

Author: I looked through https://github.com/angular/components/pull/25497 which migrated the paginator examples and didn't see anything worth calling out. I think we can consider this section good

* The form-field inside of `mat-paginator` only supports the `appearance` options offered by the new
  form-field (`fill` and `outline`).

### Progress Bar

> <!-- TODO(wagnermaciel): review -->

Reviewer 4: I've got https://github.com/angular/components/pull/25731 for this now

* Height is always set to 4px and does not get shorter or taller using `height` styles.

### Progress Spinner

> <!-- TODO(wagnermaciel): review -->

Reviewer 4: Progress spinner looks good to go

  is the same width as the form-field

### Slide Toggle

> <!-- TODO(zarend): review -->

Reviewer: good catch, Miles, haven't reviewed it yet

> <!-- TODO(zarend): review -->

Author: Ok, I'll leave the TODO and you can remove once you've reviewed

* To improve accessibility, the MDC-based version uses `<button role="switch">` to represent the
  toggle rather than `<input type="checkbox">`.

* The touch target is much larger and more accessible. Be sure to allow enough space in your
  layout so that the touch target does not overlap other components. If you are not concerned with
  accessibility you can match the previous size by using density -5 for the slide-toggle.

  ```scss
  @use '@angular/material' as mat;
  @include mat.slide-toggle-density(-5px);
  ```

* The label is closer to the enabled toggle

### Slider

> <!-- TODO(wagnermaciel): review -->

Author: @wagnermaciel I know this section still needs an update, I'm just going to leave a TODO here as a reminder

* Sliders now work with mobile device screen readers.

* To accommodate range sliders, the implementation has changed from the `<mat-slider>` element being
  the form control to the `<mat-slider>` element containing 1-2 `<input>` elements (the slider
  "thumbs") that act as the form control(s). The value, associated events (`input`, `change`), and
  labels (`aria-label`) now live on the `<input>` elements instead.

* Vertical sliders and inverted sliders are no longer supported, as they are no longer part of the
  Material Design spec.

>   <!-- TODO(jelbourn): should we add a note that vertical sliders are likely to return in a future version? -->

Author: @jelbourn Thoughts about whether we should mention this now?

Author: I'm going to say "no" because I don't want to be making promises about what MDC team will/won't deliver.
